# Worker Enable Transformation recipe

This sample shows how to transform the artifact that has artifact directory type.
It copies the build APK to the specified directory.

Custom plugin is defined in [CustomPlugin.kt](build-logic/plugins/src/main/kotlin/CustomPlugin.kt).
It registers task [CopyApksTask.kt](build-logic/plugins/src/main/kotlin/CopyApksTask.kt) that creates asynchronous
`WorkAction` that copies APK file.

WorkAction is part of Gradle [Worker API](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/worker_api.html)
- a standard way of developing parallel tasks.
It enables the division of a task action into smaller, independent units of work.
These units can then be executed simultaneously and independently, maximizing resource utilization
and accelerating build completion. Android Gradle Plugin made it simpler to use Gradle workers API with
[ArtifactTransformationRequest](https://developer.android.com/reference/tools/gradle-api/8.2/com/android/build/api/artifact/ArtifactTransformationRequest).

## To Run
Just type `./gradlew copyDebugApks`
you will be able to find two APKs: before copying its
`app/build/intermediates/apk/debug/packageDebug/app-debug.apk`
and `app/build/outputs/apk/debug/app-debug.apk` after copying.

## Renaming APKs

This recipe shows how one can make use of workers to transform the APKs, and uses a straight up copy as an example.

It's not recommended to simply rename the APKs that are generated by the default task because Studio expects specific names.

Having an API to rename things based on date/time would break Studio deployment as Studio would not
know where to get these files. Based on this the API exposed by AGP allows you to copy them only.